Document `users_on_vacation` (#759)
rust-lang/rust-forge: src/triagebot/pr-assignment.md

If the `owners` map is configured, then triagebot will automatically select a reviewer based on which files were modified in the PR.
The existence of the owners table also enables the ability for users to post a comment with `r? name` to set the assignment to a specific user.

### Vacation

> If a reviewer wants to temporarily prevent themselves from being auto-assigned they can add themselves to the special

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a reviewer wants to temporarily prevent themselves from being assigned (automatically or manually) they can add themselves to the special
```

or something like that. I'm pretty sure that even direct/manual assignment are prevented (e.g., `r? @USER` in a PR description and/or comment)

Reviewer: See https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/120177 for example
